OBSDOCS-1612: Move the alertmanager configuration modules under a new… (#86941)
openshift/openshift-docs: observability/monitoring/configuring-core-platform-monitoring/configuring-alerts-and-notifications.adoc

//Attaching additional labels to your time series and alerts
include::modules/monitoring-attaching-additional-labels-to-your-time-series-and-alerts.adoc[leveloffset=+1,tags=**;CPM;!UWM]

// [role="_additional-resources"]
// .Additional resources

// * TBD

[id="configuring-alert-notifications_{context}"]
== Configuring alert notifications

> In {product-title} {product-version}, firing alerts can be viewed in the Alerting UI. You can configure Alertmanager to send notifications about default platform alerts by configuring alert receivers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In {product-title} {product-version}, you can view firing alerts in the Alerting UI. You can configure Alertmanager to send notifications about default platform alerts by configuring alert receivers.
```

- Passive vs active voice
